Simplified configuration of eslint for javascript. (#47)
microverseinc/linters-config: javascript/README.md

### Set-up Stickler (Github app) - it will show that your app is free from style errors
1. Install stickler-ci https://github.com/apps/stickler-ci
2. Enable stickler in your repo. You can do it [here](https://stickler-ci.com/).
3. In first commit of your feature branch add a copy of [.stickler.yml](./.stickler.yml).
   - **Remember** to use the file linked above
   - **Remember** that `.stickler.yml` file name starts with a dot.
4. **Do not make any changes in config files - they represent style guidelines that you share with your team - which is a group of all Microverse students.**
    - If you think that a change is necessary - open a [Pull Request in this repository](../README.md#contributing) and let your code reviewer know about it.
5. When you first open a pull request you should see Stickler's report at `Checks` tab.

### Set-up ESlint in your local env - it will help you to find style errors

> 1. Make sure you have `Nodejs` and `npm` installed locally on your computer by running `node -v` and `npm -v` on your terminal, you should see an output that looks like this: 

Reviewer: I think this part that was deleted is still relevant.

```
(not sure how to use npm? Read [this](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm)).
```

Author: 👍 Now Added!

> ![screenshot](../assets/images/npm-node.png)

Reviewer: For accessibility reasons, It would be better to add illustration in text format, instead of only images.

Can we add the same content in the images as text in `code` format?

Author: 👍  Done!

> If you don't have Nodejs installed on your computer, here is a [great article on how to do it.](https://linuxize.com/post/how-to-install-node-js-on-ubuntu-18.04/) 

Reviewer: This article seems to be Ubuntu specific, students could be using Mac or Windows. 🤔

Author: Added a link for Mac and Windows! 👍

Reviewer 2: thank you for thinking about my MAC lol

Reviewer: I gat you... 😉

2. Run `npx eslint --init`.
3. Make sure you select the following options when prompted.

![screenshot](../assets/images/eslint-config-js.png)

> 4. Copy the contents of [.eslintrc.json](./.eslintrc.json) to the newly generated `.eslintrc.json` overwritting the previous content, this will remove the globals ruleset, add a new envyroment and add some custom rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the contents of [.eslintrc.json](./.eslintrc.json) to the newly generated `.eslintrc.json` overwriting the previous content, this will remove the globals ruleset, add a new environment and add some custom rules.
```

Author: Typo Squashed!!!
